what are you doing pose like it to 511
death and mm reach back great I'm a
personal shopper Paris very high-profile
figure she can't do normal things
so I the sister is nothing better to do
besides to skewer waiting what are you
waiting for my twin brother died here he
says we made this out
whoever died first was on the other side
from the afterlife
that is
[Music]
you hear
I had a sign you sure
[Music]
there was a present do you think Lewis
is here I don't know Kira I'm just going
to drop these bags for you gay Hey
[Music]
here was murdered what were you doing at
her please
why are you asking I lost I can't tell
where they're not going crazy
[Music]
see you trust me